AMP-128363 add documentation about S3 users for profiles (#625)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/data/en/profiles.md

6. When you're done, click *Test Mapping* to verify your mapping information. Then click *Next*.
7. Name the source and set the frequency at which Amplitude should refresh your profiles from the data warehouse. The default frequency is 12 hours, but you can change it.

## Set up a profile (S3 users)

> To set up a profile in Amplitude, follow the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To set up a profile in Amplitude:
```

> 1. In Amplitude Data, navigate to *Connections Overview*. Then in the *Sources* panel, click Add More. Scroll down until you find the Amazon S3 tile and click it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Amplitude, navigate to *Data > Sources* and click **+ Add Source**. Find and click Amazon S3.
```

2. Connect Amplitude to your S3 bucket. More details on giving Amplitude access to your S3 bucket can be found [here](/docs/data/source-catalog/amazon-s3#limits). Additionally, have the following information ready for the *Verify Instrumentation* tab:
    * Bucket Name and Prefix where your profiles are stored.
    * AWS Role ARN, AWS External ID, and AWS Region

    Click *Test Credentials* to confirm Amplitude can access your S3 bucket, then click *Next* and name your source.

> 3. In the *Select File* tab, select your file type and click *See Preview* to confirm the files to be imported, then click *Next*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the *Select File* tab, select the file type and click *See Preview* to confirm the files to be imported, then click *Next*.
```
